readme.md, before:

# jquery.DetectCSS

***

##### A simple, light-weight jQuery plugin for detecting CSS features on DOM elements. Use as a lighter alternative to (or in addition to) the fantastic [Modernizr](http://github.com/Modernizr/Modernizr).

## Getting Started

Just include this script after jQuery:

``` html
<script src='jquery.js'></script>
<script src='jquery.DetectCSS.js'></script>
```

## Usage

Test for transform (+prefixes) on #myElm:

``` javascript
if ( $('#myElm').DetectCSS('transform') ) {
	// Apply transform safely here.
}
else {
	// Transform isn't supported on this element.
	alert("Your browser doesn't support CSS Transforms!");
}
```

##### Multiple CSS queries:

``` javascript
if ( $('.myClass').DetectCSS(['transform','transition','perspective']) ) {
	// All elements with .myClass support transform, transition, and perspective
}
```

##### Multiple DOM elements:

``` javascript
if ( $('.myClass').DetectCSS('transform') ) {
	// All .myClass elements support transform
}
```

## Browser Prefixes

DetectCSS provides out-of-the-box support for Chrome, Safari, Firefox, Opera, and IE prefixes. Don't worry about testing `transform` AND `-webkit-transform`, since DetectCSS automatically detects `-webkit-transform` (and other popular vendor prefixes) for you!

## jQuery Warning:

**_WARNING:_** DetectCSS breaks jQuery chainability. You should use DetectCSS for anything but conditional statements. For example, the following hide() wouldn't work since DetectCSS breaks the jQuery chain:

``` javascript
$('#myElm').DetectCSS(['transform','transition']).hide();
```

***

### License

Copyright 2013 [Connor Grady](http://connorgrady.com/)

Released under the [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

Commit message:

Clarified README and added tested-queries.json

readme.md, after:

# jquery.DetectCSS

##### A simple, light-weight jQuery plugin for detecting CSS features on DOM elements. Use as a lighter alternative to (or in addition to) the fantastic [Modernizr](http://github.com/Modernizr/Modernizr).

## Getting Started

Just download `jquery.DetectCSS.js` or `jquery.DetectCSS.min.js` and include it after jQuery:

``` html
<script src='jquery.js'></script>
<script src='jquery.DetectCSS.min.js'></script>
```

## Usage

You can see a list of tested queries in the [tested-queries.json][] file.

DetectCSS takes either a CSS property (string) or an array of CSS properties (array of strings) and returns true or false based on whether the queried element(s) support the CSS property in question.

For example, let's test for CSS Transform (+prefixes) on #myElm:

``` javascript
if ( $('#myElm').DetectCSS('transform') ) {
	// Apply transform safely here.
}
else {
	// Transform isn't supported on this element.
	alert("Your browser doesn't support CSS Transforms!");
}
```

##### Multiple CSS queries:

``` javascript
if ( $('.myClass').DetectCSS(['transform','transition','perspective']) ) {
	// All elements with .myClass support transform, transition, and perspective
}
```

##### Multiple DOM elements:

``` javascript
if ( $('.myClass').DetectCSS('transform') ) {
	// All .myClass elements support transform
}
```

## Browser Prefixes

DetectCSS provides out-of-the-box support for Chrome, Safari, Firefox, Opera, and IE prefixes. Don't worry about testing `transform` AND `-webkit-transform`, since DetectCSS automatically detects `-webkit-transform` (and other popular vendor prefixes) for you!

## jQuery Warning:

**_WARNING:_** DetectCSS breaks jQuery chainability. You should use DetectCSS for anything but conditional statements. For example, the following hide() wouldn't work since DetectCSS breaks the jQuery chain:

``` javascript
$('#myElm').DetectCSS(['transform','transition']).hide();
```

***

### License

Copyright 2013 [Connor Grady](http://connorgrady.com/)

Released under the [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).
